what i like?

i mean it depends

but i guess we can go by sections

its not like i have anything to hide lol

# music tab

i dont really know my music taste its kinda all over the place. but its probably since i listen to too much music that i get sick of a genre then put on another. i do still have a taste but i dont think i can really categorize it. anyways i just wanna list some songs i like and why. if still curious about my music taste still, ill link my spotify if u wanna take a look. i think all of my playlists are public (some are just there for fun lol). also guys i am not!! good at music or anything, i just listen purely based off vibes and what i like. i know that most of u guys out there probably have a better understanding of music but i just like what i like ok??? *cry pray*

also these arent like professional reviews lmao. its mostly just going by vibes and what i think sounds good. i know u guys probably have different tastes but i think u should always give it a listen. who knows maybe u will enjoy it (maybe not lol).

these first few will probably be vocaloid cuz thats what im listening to primarily right now.

but ill start with **language of the lost** by *riproducer*. i do just like the song by itself but i think the lyrics really elevate it. especially since its talking about finding their identity. at least right now, i think that i dont really have an identity. like sure i am who i am but i still have problems getting people to remember me (or maybe im overthinking it). i still think that i need to make my identity to being something other than just being good at academics yk? anyways im probably barely scratching the surface but i still think this song is good. i do think that **machine love** by *jamie paige* falls into a similar boat but i just find i connect better to this song. i will say tho "machine love" is catchier and upbeat.

next up is **doomscroller** by *ferst feat. gumi*. i think that this is probably a song that i relate to very closely. its mostly because i do doomscroll alot but i think the content of the song is kinda very true to how i feel a lot of the time. like i do kinda just endlessly scroll until i either get bored or need to get something done. like i think that this isnt a good habit. also just like in the song, i think that it does really put a hamper onto a lot of my passions as i end up just "craving dopamine" and only really doing stuff for fun. i think if im really trying to improve myself, i need to stop "craving dopamine" so much. 

i think the last one i really connect with is **だから僕は音楽を辞めた** by *yorushika*. i havent really listened to the lyrics before (partly cuz i cant understand japanese) but i recently listened to the english version and i finally knew what the song was talking about. before i kinda just listened to music cuz yk its nice to have something playing but this song talks alot about how many things were somewhat forced during their childhood. specifically like playing the piano. from what i understand, i dont think the artist hated playing the piano but its more like they just dont like doing so much of something yk? but they ultimately say that theyll probably end up still playing just because. i think i need a refresher on what the lyrics meant again but thats what i understood from my very limited thinking skills. also the reason why i think it connects with me so well is because its kinda how i used to think about how my parents would "force" me into a bunch of extracurriculars. like i think sometimes when they would ask if i wanted to do something, i just had a hard time refusing. i just always thought its probably for my own good or something but sometimes i know that ill end up hating doing it. i think its more of not having trouble refusing but more like i see where theyre coming from so i just end up agreeing. anyways although i did mention the english version, i do still prefer the japanese version lol. what u prefer is ultimately not up to me but if u want the english version i listened to its **that's why I gave up on music** by *rachie*.

anyways those are probably the only ones i connect to emotionally but the next ones are purely here for vibes lol.

i think **posse** by *kmnk* is really catchy song. its one of the few songs that actually caught my attention while just listening to music on autopilot. i think its just groovy and not a lot of songs (at least with my limited taste profile) have. ive still been looking for more songs with this vibe but i havent been so successful. i do want to say tho that i think it loses its charm after a few replays but i still think its good so im keeping it here.

anyways the next song is **balalaika** by *9lana*. i think this song is pretty catchy and the artist has a similar sound to *ado* not to say that they sound similar but thats how i view it at least. also i do enjoy *ado*'s songs but i think i genuinely listened to too much of her i got sick of her voice. im not saying she is a bad artist or anything but i genuinely listened 24/7 so pls dont attack me *cry emoji*. besides i still enjoy her music but i have to limit myself now. anyways back to the song. i prefer the acoustic version of this song which released quite a bit after the original. i think i prefer the acoustic version tho because it feels more sincere. its not like its objectively better or something but i just think its more mellow. 

anyways please take whatever bs i write with a grain of salt. im not always correct and i dont know too much about music. so dont bully me :(

# games tab

although i am a game dev major, i havent really played a lot of games. well i mean yes i have played a lot of games but im talking about a variety of games. most of the time i kinda just cycle between the same games. its probably due to me not liking spending money but i think another big factor is just graphics. i guess its kinda superficial to view it that way but its not that i hate games with worse graphics but i dont enjoy games that dont seem cohesive. idk what im trying to say but i guess its that i judge a book by its cover a little too much. its probably something i need to work on but whatever lol.

anyways enough blabbering about why i might not have a great taste in games but i guess we all have our tastes. i cant really judge others for what they like so hopefully neither do u *pray*. 

## terraria

honestly i put way too many hours into that game (probably not as much as most of the live service games that i play with my friends but whatever). im not saying that just putting a lot of hours is the reason i like the game so much but i guess its kinda biasing me (idk if thats a word). anyways i wanna talk about why i enjoy the game. i think that terraria is an amazing game as its boss fights, progression and sandbox environments kinda are what i like in video games anyways. 

first i want to talk about boss fights. the boss fights in this game are incredible, i cant really compare it to souls games cuz i havent played them but i do wanna say that its similar to "elden ring" where different builds change how the battle is fought. my favourite class is summoner, its kinda where u just summon a bunch of goobers and have them fight for u but i think the main reason i like it is because its the highest dps. im not saying this cuz im like a "meta player" but im more so saying this because i enjoy seeing high damage numbers. like when im fighting the bosses, the battles not so who can outlast the other but who can kill each other first. idk if thats a good analogy but whatever. i just like being able to choose how to play. like i know a lot of people like melee and the other classes cuz of its safety but i enjoy having to learn to dodge better in order to win. anyways thats probably way too much yap about boss fights so ill move onto the progression and other stuff. 

personally i think that the progression is made pretty well, it has a very linear progression making it easy for beginners to play. but i am not saying its easy to figure out if playing completely blind lol. i almost always have the wiki on the second monitor. anyways. the progression is pretty linear so the player always has something to do/look forward to. but its not so linear that u cant skip some bosses. like ive watched some videos on some progression skips that seem so insane that i would genuinely never have even thought of doing it that way. anyways what im saying is that i think u can still express yourself even tho it might be a pretty linear progression. 

semi-lastly, i love sandbox games so its also another reason i like *terraria*. i just like games where i can create stuff and make stuff look pretty. it might seem weird to others but i like being able to customize stuff and make a world that i can feel proud of. 

ok lastly (like actually this time), i think that mods are something that i cant play without anymore. like its not that the vanilla game is bad or anything but i genuinely think that mods are so cool. i still remember the days that "tmodloader" wasnt standalone and u had to watch a yt video on how to set it up. anyways i think the modding community makes the game so much more enjoyable as it sometimes makes it so that u have to play in unique ways.

thats probably enough about "terraria" and theres still a bunch i wanna talk about but im gonna get sore from typing too much so i think i shouldnt anymore. anyways, my next few games i dont think are in any particular order.

## minecraft

honestly i know its probably boring that u guys see these main stream games cuz u might be looking for game recommendations but i just like what i like ok *sob*. honestly i think the reason is pretty similar to the *terraria* where i like just being able to make the world look like how i want it to but i think that *minecraft* is much more about how you play instead of following progression. of course there still is progression but i think that minecraft is one of the games that i really like taking it slow on. like i enjoy how expressive you can make the game. 

i also like how they still update the game pretty frequently. i know it might make some of u upset but i dont mind the size of the content updates. i know that from a consumers perspective, the miniscule amount of content after waiting a decent amount of time can be disappointing but i personally think differently. im not saying this cuz im being paid or think im better than other people but judging by the size of the development team behind *minecraft*, its kinda hard to think that they are just doing the bare minimum when it comes to developing. in my opinion i think that they are just having a hard time keeping up with refactoring the code behind the already existing game. i know from personal experience as a programmer that refactoring code is often really tedious and boring so i think its kinda hard to expect much if thats all they can do. what i imagine is that they use the development of new features and content as a little break from all the back-breaking work they have to do to keep up with the java standard. i also believe that because the game did get bought out by microsoft that its kinda hard to just pick up code and start working. not to mention all the other version compatibility issues they probably have to face. like they are genuinely just coding the same thing but on different platforms which probably sucks.

anyways i kinda just wanted to put that out there because its hard to look down on them if thats how u view the development team. also i kinda just wanted to add but i really think that sure we as consumers have expectations but we really cant expect a whole lot from others. not to say others arent talented or anything but im just saying we should expect less from others. i think its healthier to expect less and be happy or excited when u get more.

ok i genuinely didnt mean to go on such a rant about dev feelings but hopefully it helped someone feel better *pray*. anyways i need to continue with talking about why i like the game. firstly i think the colour palette in minecraft is both diverse and consistent. like i guess it makes sense but everything just meshes together so well. originally i enjoyed playing in creative just building whatever i wanted when i was a kid but i eventually started enjoying redstone and messing around with command blocks. but nowadays i really enjoy just making a world that i would like to live in. i do still enjoy the more technical stuff but i think survival mode is much more rewarding than anything else now.

mods are also another big part of minecraft and its honestly pretty similar to terrarias. also because i did say stuff about the development team of minecraft and how i felt bad for the hate they receive. i think its important to say that **most mod developers do it for the love of the game**. no seriously, they genuinely just like doing it so please stop expecting so much out of them. they literally have no incentive to make mods other than just enjoying it. **this also applies to most other games**. anyways with that out of the way, i genuinely what mods have done for minecraft. i remember seeing in a video talking about the benefits of modding. specifically it was on minecraft but i think its awesome that it can help take some workload off the actual dev team behind minecraft. i think it lets the dev team behind minecraft work quicker without needing to copy something that has already been done. tho this mostly applies to non-content mods like qol mods or just optimization mods. anyways, i think that content mods are also a huge part of how minecraft can be played. i think that many content mods are awesome but my personal favourite that i honestly cant play without is the "create" mod. it adds a bunch of stuff relating to power generation and is just generally techy. i like how it works and it all makes sense physically. the limits for this mod is also really nice as a lot of things that were previously impossible or just hard to do have become possible/a lot easier.

sorry if the last paragraph was hard to understand lol forgot to add some spaces. anyways, i did want to talk about hobbies and other stuff i like but i think i already wrote too much for it to even really matter. i dont wanna bore u with stuff thats kinda just repeated (although i kinda already did do that).

although if u are still curious (and im bored enough/have enough time) just send me a ticket and ill make it. or if u know me js ask lol ill prolly respond cuz no one messages me *cry*
